fix:API-paging (#172)
ExpediaGroup/beekeeper: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.5.5] - 2023-11-07

> ### Changed
> - Updated 'MetadataResponseConverter' and 'PathResponseConverter' to fix the conversion of the Pageable object.
>   
> ### Fixed
> - Updated existing and added new unit and integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
- Fixed paged API response by updating 'MetadataResponseConverter' and 'PathResponseConverter' to pass complete information about the number of pages and elements to the response Page.
```
